(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now, it's time for my solution
to this challenge exercise.
This time, however, I only did one of the implementations.
The implementation that I chose to do was using the REST API
and the Cassandra backend.
So in order to accomplish this,
I made a couple changes to some class files.
So let's go into src, main, java
and take a look, first of all, at the RoomService.
So you'll see, starting on line 22,
that I've added a CQL statement
for the four methods that I have created.
The getAllRooms remained unchanged,
but on line 34, I created a method to getRoomsByBedInfo,
and I used a PreparedStatement to do that.
On line 45, I created an addRoom method,
and once again, I used a PreparedStatement.
Now, there are other ways to do this
in Cassandra with the Java Driver,
but again, this was for the purpose of demonstration.
It is not the most efficient way to do this.
And now, on line 58, I created a getRoomByNumber method
that, once again, uses a PreparedStatement.
So let's take a look at the RoomResource.
Everything remained unchanged until I got to line 25.
You'll see on line 25
that I took the original getAllRooms method,
and instead of having an empty parameter list
in the method signature, I added a QueryParam of bedInfo
and passed it as a string for bedInfo.
Then on line 26, if that bedInfo is not empty,
I then call the getRoomsByBedInfo method,
otherwise I call the getAllRoomsMethod.
Now, starting on line 32,
I have a GET method to get the room by its number.
You'll notice that on line 33,
I pass a Path parameter using the curly brace annotation,
so at rooms/roomNumber, I will get the response.
And then, online 35 in the method signature,
I used a path parameter and a string of roomNumber.
Now, on line 39, I created a POST method,
and that POST method consumes APPLICATION_JSON
and simply calls the underlying service
using the RequestBody parameter
and the method signature of the room itself.
So let's run this service and test it out.
All right, I'm going to use my HTTPie tool.
I'm going to go to 8080/rooms, and we get all of our data back.
Let me clear that real quick.
So now, I'm going to do my http command again.
This time I'm going to put it in quotes.
We're going to go to 8080/rooms?bedInfo=,
let's this time look for 1Q.
And you'll see now I get back only the rooms
that have one queen bed.
We'll take a look at one of those.
So now, I can do an http on 8080/rooms/P1,
and you'll see that I just do get Piccadilly one.
All right, so the final element is we will add a new room.
So we're going to go to 8080/rooms.
I'm going to do a name, name equals Frank,
bedInfo equals 1k, and roomNumber equals F1.
And we now have the data in our database,
and we can validate that that actually was written
to the database by doing an 8080/rooms and then searching
through the scroll back here a little bit.
And there it is right there.
And that's how I solved this challenge exercise.